Hi!
Virtual Youtuber and JK (high school girl) A.I., Kizuna AI!
Today, I'll be going over some words from the "Top high school girls' slang" contest of 2016!
Words like "jiwaru" and "sorena" seem to have been popular in the past!
If you're wondering how girls tend to use these words...
Good morning, Jessica!
I learned a very interesting joke recently.
Look look!
Gets!
Eh...what's that?
Yaba, jiwaru (Wow, it gets funnier the more I think about it).
Yukki, what about you?
No yeah, I get you.
You feel that way too?
So they're used kind of like that!
By the way, Yukki and Jessica are my imaginary high school girls.
Huh?
I'm not lonely at all.
Not at all...
So what I'll be doing is picking two words from this list,
combine them appropriately
and show you all how high school girls talk!
Because I want to be a high school girl.
And thus, by mastering the colloquialisms used by these girls...
I too can become a high school girl...
Anyway, here's the first combination!
From ninth place, we have "sunoru" and from sixth place, "ma"!
So, I'll try using these two phrases and talk like a high school girl.
Hey let's SNOW together! (SNOW is a face recognition camera applicat ion)
Say cheese!
Ah...that’s iffy.
Maybe the rabbit one?
Say cheese!
This is a bit ugly, don't you think?
Ma?
Seriously ugly.
I didn't even realize SNOW could turn out this terrible. Holy crap.
Like this. How was it?
Okay, well next we have...
From second place, we have "yoki" and from third, "~maru"!
"yoki" and "~maru",
by using these two,
I will get into a high school girl.
Hey, Yukki. Seriously that guy is very yoki (cool), isn't he?
Yukki, is he your type perfectly?
Eh? Yoki, yoki, yoki, yoki, yoki.
You're not going to find a guy like him every day!
Try asking for his LINE ID!
But...but...I'm not very confident in that kind of thing...
What? That's really annoying.
You like that type, right?
Hurry up and go!
Yes...OK maru.
U-Um... If you don't mind, would you like to share LINE IDs?
And Furufuru...
Oh, really!? Thank you very much.
Ah yes. I will contact you later.
Thank you very much.
Aza maru (= Thank you very much).
Ai-chan, Ai-chan!
It was OK maru! OK maru!
Yeah, so something like that.
Okay, so last but not least, "amore" from fourth place and "BFF" from seventh place!
Well, how appropriate for being the last set.
"Amore" and "BFF".
I'll try imitating a typical high school girl's conversation with these words!
Ai, Ai.
I hear that Yukki is dating that guy she shared LINE IDs with.
I found her Instagram the other day.
She had a picture of her and that guy uploaded with "amore" written on the image.
No way! That's amazing.
"Amore"... What are they? Italian?
The only amore for me is you, Jessica.
Yeah, I get you.
Seriously though, boyfriends are so much more annoying than girl friends.
I love you, too. Ai is the only one I love.
We are BFF, right? (BFF = Best Friend Forever)
BFF!
Probably something like that.
This is correct, right?
I mean, there's no way I'd be wrong, right? Since I'm a high school girl and all.
I am a Japanese high school girl.
Real high school students,
if you think "What? Seriously? You literally cannot be more wrong about those words."
please tell me the correct use-case.
I want to keeping up with the recent youth, but it is a bit difficult.
Well, that's it from the self-proclaimed high school girl youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
I'll become a real high school girl.